.TH 
.BR ruby-install (1) 
\-\- Installs Ruby, JRuby or Rubinius.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fB\fCruby-install\fR RUBY [VERSION] \-\- CONFIGURE_OPTS
.SH ARGUMENTS
.PP
\fIRUBY\fP
    Install Ruby by name.
.PP
\fIVERSION\fP
    Optionally select the version of selected Ruby.
.PP
\fICONFIGURE_OPTS\fP
    Additional optional configure arguements.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\fC-h\fR, \fB\fC--help\fR
    Prints a synopsis of ruby\-install usage.
.PP
\fB\fC-v\fR, \fB\fC--version\fR
    Prints the current ruby\-install version.
.PP
\fB\fC--src-dir DIR\fR
    Specifies the directory for downloading and unpacking Ruby source.
.PP
\fB\fC--install-dir DIR\fR
    Specifies the dirctory where Ruby will be installed.
.PP
\fB\fC--patch FILE\fR
    Specifies any additional patches to apply.
.PP
\fB\fC--skip-sync\fR
    Skips syncing of package manager updates.
.PP
\fB\fC--skip-dependencies\fR
    Skips installation of Ruby dependencies (implies \fB\fC--skip-sync\fR).
.PP
\fB\fC--skip-verify\fR
    Skips verification of downloaded Ruby MD5 sums.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Installs Ruby, JRuby or Rubinius.
.PP
https://github.com/postmodern/ruby\-install#readme
.UR https://github.com/postmodern/ruby-install#readme
.UE
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Install the current stable version of Ruby:
    $ ruby\-install ruby
.PP
Install a specific version of Ruby:
    $ ruby\-install ruby 1.9.3\-p395
.SH FILES
.PP
\fI/usr/local/src\fP
    Default root user source directory.
.PP
\fI~/src\fP
    Default non\-root user source directory.
.PP
\fI/usr/local\fP
    Default root user installation directory.
.PP
\fI~/.local\fP
    Default non\-root user installation directory.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
\fIRUBY\fIINSTALL\fPVERSION\fP
    Curennt version of ruby\-install.
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Postmodern postmodern.mod3\@gmail.com
.MT postmodern.mod3@gmail.com
.ME .
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR ruby (1), 
.BR gem (1), 
.BR chruby (1), 
.BR chruby-exec (1)